The data generated by `dfMaker` is raw data, which means `dfMaker` only structures the data from `OpenPose` but statistics treatment is needed. Here some functions are presented as tool to make statistics treatment of `OpenPose` data.

# `fast.mode`

The data structured by `dfMaker` can be in one `CSV` file, if it was manually saved, or in several `CSV` files generated by `save.csv`. The second case needs to load and assemble the data and the loading time is bigger, but sometimes is better to have a file for subset instead of just a full set.

### Function attributes

fast.mode(fast.mode = `FALSE`, path = "/home/user/filesCSV/")

fast.mode(fast.mode = `TRUE`, path = "/home/user/filesCSV/dataSet.csv")

# `maxPeople`

This function reads `csv` files generated by `dfmaker` and select data with a maximum amount of people detected. It must be improve, but right now is useful to select data where only one person has been detected by `OpenPose` which implies the speaker is who makes the gesticulation. The function can read a full folder or only some videos inside the folder when a `csv` file with the names of wanted videos is provided.

### Function attributes

maxPeople(path = "/home/user/dfMakerOutputCSV/", max = 2,full.folder = `TRUE`)

max.people(path = "/home/user/dfMakerOutputCSV/", max = 2,full.folder = `FALSE`, fileNames = "/home/user/selectedFiles.csv")

-   `path`: the raw csv files path generated by `dfMaker`.

-   `max`: The maximum people desired which appear in videos.

-   `full.folder`: Boolean variable (`TRUE`/`FALSE`) to select all files in folder.

-   `fileNames`: In case `full.folder = FALSE` file names must be provided in a `csv` or `txt` file.

**warning!!!** the file names inside `txt` or `csv` file must have the extension `.csv`.


# `clipCleaner`

Sometimes `OpenPose` detects objects as people which are not people. There is hard to find an universal method to remove all misdetected points. Here is propose a method to remove objects where point 1 (chest point) is not detected in any video's frame. 

The method is simple, but for the moment it only works with 2 people detected due to is the simplest case. If a video where we know there is a person and his/her chest appears on frames but the software detects another person which is not there this method is optimal, but for more complex objects  a new method must be develop yet.


### Function attributes


clipCleaner(path = "/home/user/dfMakerOutputCSV/",extract.goodCLips = T, 
            save.goodClips.path ="/home/user/selectedCSV/")
            
-   `path`: the raw csv files path generated by `dfMaker`.

-   `extract.goodCLips`: Boolean variable (`TRUE`/`FALSE`) to save or not selected `csv` files in other folder.

-   `goodClips.path`: The path to save selected `csv` files.


### To take in account 

* `clipCleaner` removes automatically all face and hands key_points; only the pose_key_points remain. This can be change and the idea is to included in a future version when face and hands points are considered.

* If there is no chest key_point detected in any frame for the second person detected the video is considered as good video else the function works as `maxPeople` with a fix parameter to `max` attribute set to 1 person detected.